Job results filter case-sensitively on message and log level and ignore return key (#2304)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/release-notes/version-1.4.md

### Fixed

- [#449](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/449) - Improved error checking and reporting when syncing Git repositories.

> - [#2085](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/2085) - The log entries table on a job result page can now be filtered by log level or message. Hitting the return key has no affect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#2085](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/2085) - The log entries table on a job result page can now be filtered by log level or message and hitting the return key has no effect.
```
